M2-5201: Update readme file (#1501)
ChildMindInstitute/mindlogger-admin: README.md

> # ChildMindInstitute - MindLogger Admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Child Mind Institute - MindLogger Admin
```

> This repository is used for the Admin Panel of the MindLogger application stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is used for the Admin Panel of the [MindLogger](https://mindlogger.org/) application stack.
```

> ## Getting Started

Reviewer: Just notice you have another `## Getting Started` heading below. Maybe this should be:
```suggestion
## Application Stack
```
?

Author: Nice catch! problem with copying sections

* MindLogger Admin - **This Repo**
* MindLogger Backend - [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/ChildMindInstitute/mindlogger-backend-refactor)
* MindLogger Mobile App - [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/ChildMindInstitute/mindlogger-app-refactor)
* MindLogger Web App - [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/ChildMindInstitute/mindlogger-web-refactor)

## Getting Started

> Running the app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the app:
```

### 1. Prerequisites

- NodeJS `18` or higher, recommend using `asdf` or `nvm` to manage local node version

> - [Backend](https://github.com/ChildMindInstitute/mindlogger-backend-refactor) project running locally or accessible in a test environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Backend](https://github.com/ChildMindInstitute/mindlogger-backend-refactor) project running locally or accessible in a test environment
  - If running locally, ensure that `http://localhost:3000` has been added to the BE's `CORS__ALLOW_ORIGINS` environment variable
```

> - Configured [environment variables](#environment-variables)\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configured [environment variables](#environment-variables):\
```

  `cp .env.example .env`

### 2. Run the app

- Install dependencies using `npm install`

> - Run the project `npm run start`. See [scripts](#available-scripts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the project using `npm run start`. See [scripts](#available-scripts)
```

- Launch browser [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the admin panel

## Features

> What are MindLogger's current capabilities? [Knowledge Base Article](https://mindlogger.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/3/topic/4d9a9ad4-c663-443b-b7fc-be9faf5d9383/article/337444910)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See MindLogger's [Knowledge Base article](https://mindlogger.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/3/topic/4d9a9ad4-c663-443b-b7fc-be9faf5d9383/article/337444910) to discover the MindLogger application stack's features.
```

> 

Reviewer: I'd suggest a better description of `React-app-rewired` above: `All the benefits of create-react-app without the limitations of "no config"`

    Your app is ready to be deployed!

    See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

- `npm run eject`

    **Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

    If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

    Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

    You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

### Testing

See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

> - `npm run test` - Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `npm run test` - Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.
```

- `npm run test:coverage` - Generate test coverage report
- `npm run test:junit` - Generate a junit xml report
- `npm run test:related` - Runs tests only for modified files
- `npm run test:nowatch` - Runs test suite once with the `watchAll=false` flag

## Environment Variables

| Key                                | Required      | Default value      | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |

> | REACT_APP_API_DOMAIN               | yes | null | MindLogger Backend API endpoint |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REACT_APP_API_DOMAIN               | yes | null | MindLogger Backend API base URL |
```

> | REACT_APP_ENV                      | no | null | Check if the app is in `prod` or `staging`  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REACT_APP_ENV                      | no | null | Environment to run the app in (`prod` or `staging`)  |
```
